initial commit of docs (#83)
spacetelescope/roman_datamodels: docs/roman_datamodels/datamodels/introduction.rst

generic regardless of what the content is (that is to say, except for GWCS
and arrays, no tags are used), for Roman, they mostly do have specific types
and have unique tags in the ASDF file. As it turns out, the nodes are usually
generic (with a few exceptions) in that outside of having specific class
types, they behave as generic dicts and lists.

There are advantages of doing it this way which are:

- Unlike JWST, the code to convert between ASDF and python is much more modular
  rather than one monolithic module.
- Given that there is a strong desire to reuse as much of JWST calibration code
  as possible, and that not all metadata has the same names or values, this
  approach allows presenting the Roman version to the JWST code by aliasing
  Roman terms to JWST corresponding terms (e.g., Roman optical_elements to
  filters), or similar kinds of mappings that reduce the need to complicate the 
  calibration code.
- It specifically identifies the type of ASDF node rather than relies on the
  current convention of the type depending on the location in the ASDF tree.
  For example, the node can be passed to functions that can verify that they
  are receiving the right node type.

> - It makes defining schemas for data models simpler rather than the "kitchen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It makes defining schemas for datamodels simpler rather than the "kitchen
```

  sink" approach used for JWST schemas that consist of a union of all possible
  attributes, where many do not apply to specific datamodels. The Roman
  datamodels can be made much more specific to what is and is not expected 
  in a particular data file.

As the ASDF file is read, each tag invokes the appropriate code to convert
the node contents to the corresponding Python object.

One other important difference in the ASDF structure between JWST and Roman
is that the content starts at the top level of the ASDF tree. Unfortunately
there is no mechanism to tag the tree at the top level. For Roman, all the
content was placed as the value of the roman attribute at the top level, and
the content is then tagged as one of the permissible Roman datamodels.

Normally the info and search utilities do not look at the contents of the
Python objects that tags convert to, but ASDF provides a mechanism to permit
such introspection, and the Roman objects make use of that so that info and 
search works on them.

Each Roman data file type corresponds to a specific Roman datamodel for which
there is a corresponding schema file for that datamodel. Any changes to the

> contents of the data file must be accompanied by corresponding changed to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contents of the data file must be accompanied by corresponding changes to the
```
